I think we're almost finished here.
Thank you.
Hey. I thought Nathalie
had a treatment tonight?
No. it was pushed until tomorrow.
If you guys need anything.
just let me know.
So who are they?
Nathan and Bridget Bischof.
Twenty-four years of age. Married.
Both had priors for dealing.
- Were they the only ones here?
- Yeah. we searched the place.
What's up?
What are you looking for?
Hello. Detective Müller.
- It's me. yes.
- Nice to meet you.
- And this must be Martin.
- Yeah.
Hello. Martin.
I'm going to show you around. okay?
Look. Martin. there are a lot of nice
places here where you can have fun.
Yes. it's nice here.
We place children all over the world
to deserving families.
Martin. Olivia will
take you inside now. okay?
Go ahead.
Don't worry. Detective Müller.
We will find Martin a wonderful new home.
I promise.
Everything will be okay.
You'll be fine here.
See you soon. Martin. okay?
Detective Müller?
How long has it been since Martin Bischof
went missing from the orphanage?
- About five years. Why?
- There's something you should see.
This just came in over Interpol.
It came from an agent
at the Boston FBI field office.
Matthew Burroughs.
The family who ran the orphanage
was also from Boston.
Exact same
physical similarities as Martin.
- Yes.
- And the timeline matches.